[PR-19068] [Documentation] Explain throttling in API documentation (#292)
talkable/talkable-docs: source/api_v2/intro.rst

   422                 Unprocessable Entity - The requested create, update,
                       or delete cannot be performed due to validation errors.
                       |br| See the response body for more details.
   429                 Too Many Requests
   500, 502, 503, 504  Server Errors - Something is wrong on Talkable’s end
   =================== ======================================================

.. _HTTP Basic Auth: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_access_authentication

> Throttling
> ----------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request Throttling
------------------
```

> Talkable doesn’t limit requests for any clients for API or other endpoints.
> The only “limit” that currently exists in Talkable is throttling. Our throttling
> mechanism is implemented in next way: we calculate number of resources each client
> consumes for all requests it made to Talkable (not only API, but all requests from
> all integrations like JS, SDK etc) and if a customer (site) consumption of the resources increases unexpectedly,
> we start to throttle requests from this customer by responding with **429 HTTP responce code**.

Reviewer: This sounds like "we don’t limit but well we really do limit". Let’s rephrase:

```suggestion
Talkable limits the rate of requests to ensure that services are reliable and
responsive for customers. Our throttling mechanism is implemented in the next
way: we calculate number of resources each client consumes for all requests made
to Talkable (not only API requests, but rather all requests from all
integrations e.g. JS, SDK etc.), and if the customer (site) consumption of the
resources increases unexpectedly, we start to throttle requests from this
customer by responding with HTTP status code ``429``. Rate limits are not
published because the computation logic is evolving continuously to maximize
reliability and performance for customers.
```

.. note::

>     In a case when request was throttled and server responded with **429 HTTP responce code**,
>     we recommend to retry a request with 1 second backoff time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In case the request was throttled and the server responded with HTTP status
   code ``429``, we recommend to retry the request. Consecutive calls might
   return ``429`` until the load on the server goes down. Your application 
   should  implement a retry logic with incremental backoff in the realm of 
   seconds and up to minutes.
```

   422                 Unprocessable Entity - The requested create, update,
                       or delete cannot be performed due to validation errors.
                       |br| See the response body for more details.
   429                 Too Many Requests
   500, 502, 503, 504  Server Errors - Something is wrong on Talkable’s end
   =================== ======================================================

.. _HTTP Basic Auth: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_access_authentication

Request Throttling
------------------

Talkable limits the rate of requests to ensure that services are reliable and
responsive for customers. Our throttling mechanism is implemented in the next
way: we calculate number of resources each client consumes for all requests made
to Talkable (not only API requests, but rather all requests from all

> integrations e.g. JS, SDK etc.), and if the customer (site) consumption of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
integrations e.g. JavaScript integration library, Mobile SDK etc.), and if the customer (site) consumption of the
```

> resources increases unexpectedly, we start to throttle requests from this

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
resources increases unexpectedly, we start to throttle requests for this
```

> Talkable limits the rate of requests to ensure that services are reliable and
> responsive for customers. Our throttling mechanism is implemented in the next
> way: we calculate number of resources each client consumes for all requests made
> to Talkable (not only API requests, but rather all requests from all
> integrations e.g. JavaScript integration library, Mobile SDK etc.), and if the customer (site) consumption of the
> resources increases unexpectedly, we start to throttle requests for this
> customer by responding with HTTP status code ``429``. Rate limits are not
> published because the computation logic is evolving continuously to maximize
> reliability and performance for customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Talkable limits the rate of requests to ensure that services are reliable and
responsive for customers. Our throttling mechanism is implemented in the next
way: we calculate number of resources each client consumes for all requests made
to Talkable (not only API requests, but rather all requests from all
integrations e.g. JavaScript integration library, Mobile SDK etc.), and if the
customer (site) consumption of the resources increases unexpectedly, we start to
throttle requests for this customer by responding with HTTP status code ``429``.
Rate limits are not published because the computation logic is evolving
continuously to maximize reliability and performance for customers.
```
